Who are you?
Understand? You can see the chairman first.
I am the boss here and I am happy,
Just happy.
In the first half, this time it will be your fate.
Every time I tell you not to wear it,
It was so wrong to kill Lingling, what do you think we should do?
It doesn't matter, I can solve it.
What can you do?
If you remember where you are at this time, can you fire the boss?
The chairman of Good Morning Day will come to see me.
How dare you ignore the chairman?
Coming! Coming! Coming! It hurts
Didn't you count today?
They and Miss Wen Boli
Can't keep it up even if it's heated up
I'm reasonable enough with Miss Li
I've taken it too far
Please forgive me